---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2005-08-15 03:01:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: old-cards
title: Old Cards
wordpress_id: 17
categories:
- Magic The Gathering
- Other
---

Warning: those readers who have moral objections to rants or public criticism of WotC are advised that the following message maybe distressing.




I love change. No really I do. Well as long as its change for the good. Printing Quicksand in 9th is kewl, I like being introduced to old cards that I've never experienced before. I like T2 changing noticeably with changes in the core set.




I also like the introduction of Cruel Edict into T2, its a powerful but fair card. Making the edict sorcery speed makes it more fair, and allows for more powerful edict effects to be printed in the expert level expansions.




No, I am not a whore, MaRo is the only person I let stick his hand up my back.




What I don't like about this situation is that it's essentially impossible to get any Cruel Edicts, they just don't exist on the second hand market, StarCityGames is completely out of stock as is CardHeaven (Melbourne's biggest card store), and all the people on mtgParadise are out of stock as well. This is a vast contrast to Quicksand, as CardHeaven had around 20 of them still in stock.




I know that Wizards needs to make money, but this is extortion, the only plausible way for me to get enough cruel edicts would be for me to buy a whole box, and even then it wouldn't guarantee that I'd get the 3 more I need.




PS: if anyone has any that they'd like to lend me for nationals, or sell to me at an silly price, please leave a comment :P




