---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2007-05-10 08:50:21+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: is-it-evil
title: Is it evil?
wordpress_id: 260
categories:
- Philosophy &amp; Politics
- Theology
---

Sorry if this is incomprehensible, but I need to write it.

Some people have issues with people who believe in a religion and science at the same time. I feel I have reconciled those two beliefs personaly due to two main concepts:



	
  * Religion and science attempt to answer two different questions, namely why and how respectively. So naturally they will describe things differently.

	
  * The old testament is the attempts of a privative people to describe their relationship with God, naturally such a text will involve comments about the natural world that don't hold up scientificaly, they were never intended to. Also note this doesn't state that they are in anyway Gods words, just text about him, through which we _may_ find images of him.<!-- more -->


Now the question at hand: Is any belief that doesn't fit within either of those frameworks evil? (You may want to read evil as meaning wrong, I'm using the word to mean "wrong in a way that is at least slightly offensive to my religion")

First lets consider the idea of something that is clearly evil: Sacrificing children to the god of the harvest to ensure that a harvest is good. This is clearly evil from the perspective of Christianity as we are performing acts that acknowledges that someone other than God will intervene. It is also wrong to science as the sacrifice wont affect any thing that would affect the harvest.

So now for a more contentious issue, say: Magnetic Therapy. If someone feels that wearing a bracelet with a few magnets in it will reduce their arthritis, is their anything evil about it?

I would love to hear peoples thoughts about it.
