---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2007-09-01 03:17:08+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: ninjais
title: Ninjai's?
wordpress_id: 293
categories:
- Geeky
---




Just received this in my email box:




**We thought we should let you know that your order has been shipped! This is the 3rd time we've had the distinct pleasure of shipping you something, and frankly we're going to need to hire some more ninjas, monkeys or dwarves to supplement our Japanese packing specialist Jr. if you keep ordering like this from us.**<!-- more -->




	




In the midst of preparing your order for delivery, our location was invaded by a group of short and grossly hairy men. A battle ensued, and in the end we were victorious, preserving the honor of our sacred temple known as "warehouse". We eventually overcame the carnage of the final battle and repelled the foreign barbarians in order to get your package shipped out. Reeling from the invasion, only half the city managed to throw a party and procession in honor of your package's departure. Not to worry, there was some hardy drinking and general rowdiness still to be had. After re-building our cherished halls of honor following the furious final battle, we've been able to once again promote your "Customer of the Year" picture. Previously hanging in our "Customers that haven't bought anything from us in the last three hours hall" to our most cherished hall of "champion customers that will eventually allow us to buy Newfoundland".


When you do de! cide to buy from us again, please know that we'll be more than happy to repel any foreign invasion force, save perhaps worms with bazookas, to once again bring you the joy of receiving a SplitReason t-shirt or whatever else you bought.

What do you guys think?

PS, Backstory: ~3 months ago I ordered 2 shirts and some magnets from splitreason. Two weeks later the shirts arived sans magnets. The promptly told me that they had shipped replacement magnets, a month after that I noticed they shipped the replacement magnets by ground shipping (from Canada) so I raised this as an issue of customer support. A month after that I raised it again, The above is the comment from their responce to the last email. The responce took the form of a shipment confirmation, the magnets have been shipped again. By Air Mail this time.

I want my magnets :)
