---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2007-07-27 01:20:16+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: shipping
title: Shipping
wordpress_id: 284
tags:
- technology
tags:
- Rant
---

Two months ago I brought from Split Reason two Cyanide and Happiness t-shirts and a CAD Magnetic Poetry set. About a 2 weeks later the two t-shirts arrived in a box with documentation claiming that all 3 items were in the box.

So I emailed Split Reason and they quickly replied apologising for the error and promising to send the magnets as soon as possible. A day later I received an email saying that the magnetic poetry had been shipped. Thinking nothing more of it I put the whole idea on the back burner and awaited my magnetic poetry.<!-- more -->

Looking at the calender today I realise that it's been quite a while since I would have expected the parcel in the mail. So I check my records and it appears that they have chosen to ship the replacement package via ground shipping.

When I placed the order I looked at the options and sure $USD20 for shipping seemed like a lot, but I'd rather pay that than wait the possible 3 months that ground shipping can take. So I ponied up and paid the $USD20 and waited. Now I'm having to wait up to 3.5 months for the item that I truly wanted (the t-shirts were mainly so it didn't seem weird paying that much more some magnets, oh how we delude our selves).

Now I am awaiting a response from the staff at Split Reason, I have given them an opportunity to make good on this transaction as all I have asked is what is going on. I haven't demanded anything. Things are much happier when a company offers something to fix their mistakes than when they agree to an angry customers demands.
