---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2009-10-05 00:04:19+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: rapists
title: Rapists
wordpress_id: 525
tags:
 - rape
 - news
---

I can't get over the media and people in general. The last few weeks the media has been full of some Australian community that was up in arms about a released paedophile being allowed to live in their community.

The laws that allow us to identify convicted criminals and to continue to identify them after they have served their penance I have serious misgivings about. A communities desire to know who is living in its area can be justified, but the desire of someone to attempt to be able to live a life after conviction is fair. If we don't believe in the ability of criminals to change their ways why do we ever release them back into the community?

All of that is without mentioning our Christian duty to forgive people.<!-- more -->

Now I understand that forgiveness isn't forgetfulness. You shouldn't invite the ex-paedophile around to watch the kids while you nick out for some milk. Its just normal courtesy to not tempt someone if you know of their demons, you don't offer an alcoholic a vodka after all.

But we are not in fear of being too generous or trusting of paedophiles, apparently torturing them continually after release is acceptable.

That is unless they are a renowned film director. In which case its fair to get all worked up about them being taken back to the country where they skipped bail for a conviction they plead guilty to.

Dudes, this is some seriously wacked sense of morals.
