---
author: rockpaperdynamite
comments: true
date: 2009-09-30 13:12:56+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: whip-it
title: Whip It
wordpress_id: 523
categories:
- Magic The Gathering
---

I don't usually post about such silly things. But I just saw that my two favorite actresses: Drew Barrymore and Ellen Paige, are starring in a Roller Derby movie.
I have very nearly watched everything that Ellen Paige has been in. Lets go through the current checklist from imdb:
# Whip It (2009) - Saw it soon after release. Excellent movie, not nearly as deep as many of Ellen Paige's though.
# "The Simpsons - Waverly Hills 9-0-2-1-D'oh" (2009) - randomly managed to catch the episode on TV when it was on the other week
# Smart People (2008) - Loved
# The Stone Angel (2007) - Meh
# Juno (2007) - Fantastic
# The Tracey Fragments (2007) - Very hard to watch, reserving judgment for a latter viewing, Ellen was great in it though
# An American Crime (2007) - This movie is disturbing. I mean its based on some pretty disturbing true story and doesn't disappoint.
# X-Men: The Last Stand (2006) - Yeah she only has small parts, but I do like the movie.
# Mouth to Mouth (2005) - Excellent
# Hard Candy (2005) - OMG, this movie does not get enough respect. Yeah the content is tough for many to watch, but it is excellent
# "ReGenesis" (8 episodes, 2004) - Ellen is excellent, the series in general (I watched all of it despite Ellen only appearing in the first 6 episodes of season 1) is a bit cliche and heavy on science terms while being loose with the science.
# Wilby Wonderful (2004) - Haven't finished yet, movie isn't very interesting.
# I Downloaded a Ghost (2004) (TV) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Love That Boy (2003) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Going for Broke (2003) (TV) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Homeless to Harvard: The Liz Murray Story (2003) (TV) - Surprisingly good, quiet enjoyed it, Ellen is a minor character
# Touch & Go (2003) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Mrs. Ashboro's Cat (2003) (TV) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# The Wet Season (2002) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Marion Bridge (2002) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# "Trailer Park Boys" - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# "Rideau Hall" - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# "Pit Pony" - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
# Pit Pony (1997) - I haven't managed to grab a copy of this yet.
