---
layout: post
title: New IPG - Changes to Drawing Extra Cards
date:   2015-07-14 19:30 +1000
tags: [judging, mtg]
---

There are new policy documents today, the [Policy Blog][1] has 
all the details and official lines. I'm going to discuss a few
of the reactions I've seen to the announcement.

Amongst all the other small clean up, this update really has 
quiet a lot of that but most of it is just deleting things that
shouldn't have been there, is a monumental change to how we 
handle _Drawing Extra Cards_. 

For as long as I can remember, and I suspect forever, it has 
been a game loss. It is also one of the most common reasons we 
give out game losses at competitive events, the others being 
deck list issues. No matter what some corners of the player 
community believes we judges really don't enjoy giving out
game losses. It really feels bad to hand out a game loss for
something that is an easy innocent mistake.

Until now we've balanced the imperative to discourage drawing 
extra cards as a viable cheating vector by giving out the harsh
penalty of a game loss. What has changed that we feel happy to 
give out a lesser penalty now? Judges have decided that we are
no longer scared of the hint of in game fixes.

Forever we have wanted to avoid in game fixes as they are:

* Lacking in impartiality

* Inconsistent

# Impartiality

The first is something we are very reluctant to deviate from.
As judges we need to be seen to be fair and impartial, it is
something we have to continually strive to do as we routinely 
adjudicate for friends. Even when at the highest level because 
the players and judges keep travelling to the same places there
becomes a level of friendship created between judges and 
players. Plenty of judges would stop working large events if 
they had to avoid socialising with players in the restaurants
and bars after the event.

Our greatest tool for giving the appearance and enforcing 
impartiality is by sticking to the _Infraction Penalty 
Guidelines_ at all times. Because consistent rulings are by 
definition impartial ones.

# Consistency

Consistency is one of the great ideals of competitive judging.
While the _IPG_ has been steadily shrinking the last few years
it has been with the intent of making judge's rulings more 
consistent. It is hard to be consistent when the document is
overly complex and long. 

One of the few trends towards more complexity recently has been
the much unsettling _Missed Trigger_ policy. The difficult to 
understand and apply concept of generally beneficial and 
generally detrimental was a great source of inconsistency. With 
the most recent policy that is much simpler as the in game 
effect is determined by the opponent so the inconsistency of a
complex concept is limited to weather or not we give a warning
and not 'does the trigger happen'.

# New Concepts

The _Missed Trigger_ policy uses the new technology of asking the
opponent what to do to allow for an inconsistent in game result
without laying any of the inconsistency to the judge, thus 
avoiding any belief that the judge is being biased to a player.

So applying that technology to _Drawing Extra Cards_ allows us 
the novel solution of asking the opponent which cards should be
shuffled back into the library. Yes it relies on the opponent
picking the right card to shuffle back in, which means the 
penalty will be greater against skilled opponents than others,
but that is something I can live with.

# Complaints

These are a few of the issues people have raised with this policy

## I Chose Badly And Didn't Win

Just because we used to give you a free win when you opponent 
made this mistake doesn't mean you deserve a free win. Now we are
giving you a free \Thoughseize\, isn't that enough. If getting a
free spell like that isn't enough to let you win the game you 
really don't deserve a free win.

You know why you don't deserve a free win? I can think of many:

* Everyone else in the event had to work for this win this round,
just how privileged can you get?

* Free wins leave an empty feeling in your stomach.

* Free wins rob you of having fun twice. You don't get the 
enjoyment of trying to win this round and next round you have to
play someone who worked to get there.

* One day it'll be you drawing an extra card, do you really want
that small dexterity or concentration error to cost you the game?

## The Feel Bad Is On The Wrong Foot

Previously when you drew an extra card you felt pretty bad 
because your simple error just cost you the game. 

Now when your opponent draws an extra card you can feel *really* 
bad when you lose because you lost despite you getting to remove 
their best card from the game.

Not only does this change the potential for \feel bads\ to the
player who did nothing wrong but people are arguing that the
emotion is much stronger for the player who did nothing wrong.
They haven't spent time thinking about how to pick cards out of
their opponents hand, it's not something their deck can do. Maybe
they intentionally chose a deck that can't do that as they know
they are bad at those decisions.

This argument holds some weight with me, but I just don't feel it
is that important. Competitive events aren't for everyone, they 
are competitive and that is the point of them. Unless you are 
talking about very small communities there is always the option of
playing in a _Regular REL_ event instead of the _Competitive REL_
one. 

This policy will reward the good players, it will also emphasise
players owning their actions and test their abilities to analyse
and think on the spot. 

The net benefit of letting players relax a little bit around how
and when they draw cards will let many players enjoy every game 
more. If the cost of that is a few players feeling more stressed 
when they have had their opponent draw an extra card that feels
okay to me.

The continual and substantial improvement that the _Infraction 
Penalty Guidelines_ keeps having continues to impress and amaze
me. It looks so close to perfect with each new revision.



[1]: http://blogs.magicjudges.org/telliott/2015/07/13/magic-origins-policy-changes
