---
layout: post
title: Magic Pro Tour and Grand Prix Schedule 2016
subtitle: Melbourne, Sydney & Sydney!
slug: gp-pt-2016-schedule
date: 2015-08-03 10:12 +1000
tags: [magic]
---

As is common the Pro and Grand Prix events for next year were [announced][1] 
during the top 8 play this morning. There were a few surprises in the 
announcement: less events, GP & PT in Sydney, and Modern for the GP in 
Melbourne.

# Less GPs

Apparently the attendance at some GPs was below what they were hoping for,
particularly at ones that were sharing the date with other locations. So in
trying to reduce that effect they have less weekends to put GPs on and have
reduced the number of GPs.

Personally I can't recall hearing about a GP this year that was shockingly low
in attendance. The European Modern Master GP surprised me in how slowly it sold
and that it didn't sell out but it still had a healthy crowd in attendance.

It isn't an earth shattering blow to the program, but it isn't great to hear 
about any shrink in a program.

# GP Sydney

Apparently we are going to have a GP in Sydney every year, October 8-9 next year,
and it will always be Sealed. Not that Sydney doesn't deserve one every year, but
the flow on effects for what it means for the other cities in the region (mostly 
Melbourne but also Brisbane) is that they have them less often. I can see why this
is the case for some good reasons (Sydney does get great numbers) and some bad (is
it because the TO lives in Sydney, I hope not). Either way I enjoy a GP in Sydney
more than ones in Melbourne a travelling to GPs makes them more fun for me and I 
can easily cover costs on Sydney GPs.

# GP Melbourne

Melbourne is again going to have a GP next year, March 5-6. Having it's first Modern GP will
be interesting but I trust it will be a lot better than the last time we had an
Extended GP. That was so small that even I nearly made day 2 (4-3 would have done
it but [I only got 3-4][2]). Modern might hurt it from breaking the Australian 
attendance record, or it could help it with more players travelling from South-
East Asia.

This is pretty much all expected and good news.

# PT Sydney

I'd heard some rumours about this, it's hard to prevent the venues from leaking 
some information about events booked with them, so it wasn't a surprise. It will 
be held on August 5-7 and be the usual Standard/Draft format. While it is quite 
nice to be able to watch it during day light hours I wonder how important this
will really be. 

I guess their might be a small bump in players due to the event getting a little 
bit of coverage on TV and in the newspapers but for all of us who already play
what does it mean?

The few lucky players who'll get to play at a PT in their home country are going 
to find it easier to find some friends to stay on their couch and they wont have
jet lag to battle. That is balanced with them not getting to tack a holiday in 
some  exciting country onto to the event. That isn't a big deal either way so I'll
call that a wash.

The few lucky judges who'll get to work the event will really enjoy it, but there
aren't that many local judges who are eligible to work the event. A judge needs to
be level 3 these days to work at a Pro Tour. Those lucky few will get to make a 
small profit on the event I expect but they are a small minority. So that is a
nice thing for the Australian community.

There will be a few players who choose to go along and rail-bird. They'll get to try 
and watch their favourite pros do their thing. When they get bored they'll play a
draft and hope that some big names who have been dropped also sign up. Unless getting 
that pro to sign your cards is a huge deal this sounds strictly worse than inviting a
few friends over to watch the online stream.

Is there some effect of having a PT in Sydney that I've missed? Is there some reason
I should be excited?


[1]: http://magic.wizards.com/PTOriginsOPAnnouncement
[2]: /2005-11-07-gp-melbourne-mini-report/
