---
author: Gareth Pye
comments: true
date: 2015-07-23 22:12:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: weight-loss-101
title: Weight Loss 101
tags:
- weight
- diet
- heath
---

I'm not trying to claim that I'm an awesome font of wisdom about dieting but I 
have managed to lose a reasonably large amount of weight these last two years.
24kg in 26 months is fairly impressive to most people.

I don't understand why all of the dieting companies always harp on about people
who have lost 6kg in 6 weeks or 7kg in 7 weeks. I know why they aren't advertising
the person who lost 23k in 4 weeks, it isn't good to set falsely high expectations
and there is probably some regulation about promising too high. It wouldn't be
in the public interest to have such companies trying to out do each other with
outrageous claims.

But why don't they give us some real weight loss stories? A total loss of 7kg is
great for people who want to look better in their bikini. For those of us who 
really need to serious weight 7kg is a bit of a joke. That's a nice first month
or two but it needs to be backed up by many many more months the same. Where are
their adverts about the person who lost 52kg in a year?

So let me talk about the various strategies I've used to get to where I am.

# Atkins Low Carb Diet

Hearing all the hype I decided to jump in and try out it out. I tried to avoid
eating anything that was high in carbs. Bacon and egg omelette for breakfast.
Salad for lunch. Meat with leafy veggies for dinner.

Starting out like this lost me 4kg in 2 days, 10kg in 45 days and then I gave it
up.

# Tim Ferris Slow Carb Diet

Having read Tim Ferris's book, [The Four Hour Body][1], I decided to have a go
at his version of *low carb* diet. It looked much the same as the previous
attempt except I cut the dairy out. Oh, and I really enjoyed his cheat day
every week.

The first week I lost 6kg, another 2kg the next week, a single kilo the next
two weeks. It kept going at a that pace with ups and downs for a while. 

I couldn't keep the diet up. It was a lot of work. Then the weight started
climbing back up.

# Exercise

This whole time I tried to ride more and more. If we ignore the months where
I didn't ride at all, this was a roaring success. When I'm riding consistently
the weight is nice and level, if I'm riding while on one of the diets the
kilos fall off. If I'm not doing either they slowly creep back on.

If I go on holiday to the USA the pounds really pile on fast. Which leads me 
to my current trend

# Eat Less

I'm eating less. Not over filling my plate. Not going for seconds. Not having
four different snacks each day. Not stuffing the lunch box full. Ordering two
sushi rolls not three.

It is a simple idea.

It also works.

The trick is figuring out why you eat too much. Mine appeared to be boredom.
Luckily keeping busy is pretty easy these days.

That said, [Tim Ferris's Four Hour Body][1] is an interesting read. It 
introduced me to many new ideas, it's a bit extreme though.



[1]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/030746363X/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=030746363X&linkCode=as2&tag=rocpapdyn-20&linkId=YORIXON3DRVC4WQO
