---
layout: post
title: GP Sydney Recap
subtitle: Intro to the Sydney Swap
slug: gp-sydney-recap
date: 2015-10-21 10:52 +1000
tags: [magic, judge, gp, sydney]
---

This past weekend was GP Sydney and while we only ended up with 996 players, 
missing by such a small margin on Australia breaking into the 1k player club, 
it was a great event and there is much to learn from it. Notably it premiered 
the Sydney Swap, a way to reduce the desire for players to drop during deck
registration.

Sleep in special registrations were particularly strong for GP Sydney. The final
count was in the order of 250 players were signed up for it. That is ~25% of the
entire tournament. The high value of the Zendikar Expeditions was the clear 
reason for unusually high interest in them. Few players were likely to be happy 
about passing cards worth multiple hundreds of dollars and $20 was seen by many 
as a cheap way to remove the need to decide between dropping and playing.

The registration of all those pools was left to the judge staff, with assistance 
from event staff, to do along side running grinders on Friday. Previous years 
this wasn't a monumental amount of work, with the sheer number of SIS sales the
work continued on till after all the players had left the venue. Australian GPs 
are getting large enough that the TO may need to consider having some of these 
tasks done on Thursday, even with a reduction in SIS numbers when the Sydney 
Swap becomes well known.

If I'd been a player who'd purchased the SIS to avoid the hard decision of 
playing versus a drop for value, I'd be mightily unimpressed that I'd paid $20 
for no perceived value. I haven't heard of any players complaining about this,
and it wasn't the TOs fault. I did hear lots of players enjoying the new 
procedure, although there was plenty of chicken little reactions as well. 
Hopefully cheating wont suddenly increase and players will become happy with the
Sydney Swap with time.

Another last minute change was imposed on the event: a new version of software 
was mandated by WotC the week of the GP. One of the impacts of this was that the
scorekeepers had less flexibility in how they ran grinders. I'm not abreast of 
exactly what changed but it caused grinders on Friday to fire very slowly. While
the queue to drop of your registration sheet cleared pretty quickly, the actual 
events didn't start to well over an hour later. I heard one player complain that 
it took him 13 hours to play in two grinders that he lost in the first round. I 
can't believe his time line as I believe that the grinders were starting less 
than two hours after the event had filled up, but his hyperbole does demonstrate
how frustrated the players were.

There were many instances of players signing up for grinder X only to hear over
the PA that grinder X-2 was just about to start. I feel there has to be some way
to streamline the starting of events, requiring scorekeepers to find and enter 
DCI numbers takes much too long. I'm pretty confident that tournament entries on 
Friday could have been increased by 30% or more if events had been starting 
quicker. The judge side of grinders has been optimised and runs very efficiently.
Despite much effort on the part of scorekeepers and TOs the data entry aspects 
are still impacting events. This is with results entry completely delayed till 
after the weekend, the only thing the scorekeepers need to do on Friday is 
enrol players and print round 1 pairings and random seating if the event is 
sealed.

I wonder if online + self service kiosks could help this process? It'd leave 
things in a bad position if it crashed and burned, but it could help 
paralleling the process further.

The physical process of the Sydney Swap went pretty well. The need to have 
players paired with someone caused some issues for the verification of who had
failed to turn up to the event. I'm wondering if it would have been simpler and
faster to just waste the time of having 95% of the room sit quietly for 2 
minutes while the few triangles did their third 'open while watched'. I'm
probably being too optimistic about how happy and compliant 900 people would be
when asked to be silent and do nothing for 2 minutes.
