---
author: Gareth Pye
comments: true
date: 2015-07-16 12:02:00+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: status
title: Site Update And Direction
tags:
- meta
---

# Update

So this post will be my 8th in 8 days. It has been 5 years since I've done two 
posts in the same month and another year on that for more than two in a month. 
I hope y'all are enjoying the new content.

I restarted the blog as a way to play with the [Jekyll][1] platform, but I'd 
also been getting into listening to podcasts recently and had been thinking
about starting to listen to the new [ProBlogger Podcast][2], it's made by a
friend of a friend and blogging has always been of some interest to me.

[ProBlogger][2] is launching his podcast with a [31 Days To Build A Better Blog][3]
and as I'm getting back into this blog it sounds like a perfectly happy 
coincidence. I'm not following it in real time and I started 2 weeks late.

Yesterday I listened to the Day 1 podcast on the way to work and found some time 
to do what it suggested. It was "create your elevator pitch", I mulled it over for 
a while and put the conclusions into the [about page][4].

# Direction

So setting a more definitive direction in the about page means I have a bit more of
and idea of what I should be posting here. So hopefully you will all enjoy the 
*slightly* more directed stream of posts.

# Misc Stats

Some data points to 90% of the visitors to this site using some form of advertisement
or tracking blocking. I don't really mind, this isn't intended to be a revenue stream,
I was more interested in seeing how advertising works than making money from it.


[1]: http://jekyllrb.com/
[2]: http://problogger.com/podcast/
[3]: http://www.problogger.net/archives/category/31-days-to-building-a-better-blog/
[4]: /aboutme/
