---
author: Gareth Pye
comments: true
date: 2015-07-16 12:52:00+00:00 +1000
layout: post
slug: yoga
title: Yoga Versus Cycling
tags:
- yoga
- cycling
---

I do love cycling. It's very enjoyable when actually doing it and the fitness 
side effects are great. The weight keeps falling off and legs are slowly 
getting thinner and harder. Not getting puffed when rushing for a couple of
moment is also a really nice perk.

Before, during and after a ride I never do as much stretching as I know I 
should. How do I know I'm not doing enough? The more I've been riding the
harder I find it is to touch my toes. To combat this I've tried my hand at
yoga in the past and I decided it was time to get back on that bike (pun
fully acknowledged, it brought a smile to my face).

Lierin showed me a flyer from a local church showing that they run yoga classes
on a Wednesday night about 100m do the street from us. At $110 for a term of 
ten classes it appears to be the cheapest in the area, even after factoring in
that I'll only be able to get to eight sessions this term due to a recurring
judge catch up on the last Wednesday of the month. It's such a pity that we've 
moved away from my old yoga studio, they were just $10 a session with no need   
to pay if you didn't come one week. Oh and they didn't require you to bring 
anything and the male instructor encouraged a better gender diversity in the
classes. 

At my new one I was the only male at the first session and I had to scramble to 
buy myself a yoga mat. 

Yoga is a great discipline for everyone, anyone can try do it, albiet taking 
simpler options for some of the harder bits. I was definitely opting for the 
easier positions at several points.

But that one session of prolonged stretching has left me able to touch my toes,
I'm not sure how much of that was also dropping a bit of weight from the gut 
helping out, but that isn't the point. I can touch my toes!

Here's to getting even more flexible in the next months.
