---
layout: post
title: Riding Through Puddles
date:   2015-07-13 16:30 +1000
tags: [cycling, rain]
---

As I mentioned in my [State of Gareth][1] post I'm trying to get a lot 
healthier currently, a major aspect of this is riding. Before we moved to 
Ringwood I was riding to work three of four days a week, while it was only 7 km 
twice a day it was feeling pretty good. 

The commute from Ringwood is closer to 30 km and while I'm close to being happy 
to do that distance quite regularly I'm not comfortable doing it fast enough to 
make it work for commuting. This means I need to get my cycling hit on the 
weekend, which is fine but when a weekend has weather like this one just gone 
it isn't all that pleasant. I went for a ride on Sunday afternoon and the rain 
was quiet significant.

Anyone who has done any amount of riding knows that most bike paths are built 
along rivers, streams and creeks. Everyone with a basic understanding of the 
physical world realises that rain causes them to flood. Yesterday's rain wasn't 
enough for them to flood, but they were quiet swollon and were filling the are 
I don't know the name for. In my experience most waterways in suburbia have two 
banks, the normal small ones that they keep well within for most of the year. 
Then they have a secondary set of banks that they fill when ever their is 
substantial rain fall. Not storm level rain fall, just typical "it's rained for 
3 days" weather that a healthy winter has several times. Does anyone know the 
name for that secondary bank?

So I was riding along the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail and was distracted


[1]: SoG
